For flowing between borders:

1. Connect with Stellar for communication between banks
  a. Also connect with Starlink to scale these inter country communications. They can connect the dots with the starlinks and then Ripple can help plug the communications
  into media and government and reducing overall energy costs. 
  b. Lots of other pathways will open up once data is accessible and able to flow through ripple's network. 
2. Ripple (XRP) Flow
  -Flows through the banks and connects liquidity that can flow through all blockchains
  -Ripple can add fluidity to BNB PoS by a consesus mechanism, which will help determine when to collective burn crypto. This will avoid market turmoil and stabilize prices.
  -Ripple can also help BNB connect to the NA market, as they have similar philosophies.
 3. Help with security by directly connecting to NA banks.
 4. Access to NA level silicon valley developers through recruiting channels.
 5. Stabilize a crypto system where the overall Binance market is carbon negative.
  a. Implement the newest and best practices that produce carbon negative outcomes.
  b. Find ways to fuel the transactions with sustainable energy.
  c. 
 6. Specializing and helping connect Binance to an overall sustainable outlook.
  a. They connect directly with Stanford's Doerr's of sustainability to continue to fuel sustainable insights, with great leaders. 
  
  
  Developer's job: 
  
  1. Get access to interoperable data, by plugging in data from various cloud resoures. {preferably avaialble in a sky computing app such as Binance that oversees all}.
  2. Merge the data sets (this will take the work of a few skilled developers).
  3. Find the optimal communication path that will reduce computational resources and transitional fees between the two users. Think of it as applying an algorithm that
  optimizes the speed and KNN of the different nodes. By finding the KNN, this will reduce computational inefficiences across transactional fees, which will also
  reduce carbon pollution, and save all parties money.
    a. Take the inverse of the greedy algorithm or perhaps look into the traveling salesman algoritm and apply that to lists of NFTS and cryptos in order to reduce 
    energy inefficiencies. 
      b. Combined the traveling salesman and the knapsack but think of the salesman bag as energy. "Given X% of energy for a max transaction size (the bag), how can 
      we complete this transaction must efficiently for any given coin, despite which chain/location in universe?"
  
  Ripple job:
  
  1. Maintain and extrapolate this code to various industries. Continue to attract top talent. Keep up the great content, and feel free to send challenges whenever!
  
  Binance job:
  
  1. Offer developer jobs and DevOps Engineers job that are willing to solve problems like this, will be fun.
  
  Government job:
  
  1. Enable Binance. Just trust them, or have your top DS/AI engineer approve this project after weighing the pros and cons.
  
  Guests (replace users) job:
  
  1. Realize that they deserve this service and accept nothing less. Also realize that a lot of users have had their data illegally mined. This data should be returned
  in the form of compensation packages.
